chore: add instructions and commands to manually release the python package. (#1073)
chanzuckerberg/cryoet-data-portal: client/python/cryoet_data_portal/release_process.md

```bash
make build
```

# Manual Release Process
After merging in the release-please PR, if the python package did not release it can be manually release by doing the following:
1. Setup your environment to upload to pypi by following the instructions [here](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/distributing-packages-using-setuptools/#create-an-account)
2. Pull the latest changes from main

> 3Run the following command to release the python client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the following command to release the python client:
```
